##Code book
	
###variables names and descriptions of output "tidy_data.txt"
		
Name|Description|Type
----|-----------|----
Activity|Name of activity|Factor
Subject|Number of Subject (1:30)|Num
tBodyAcc-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAcc-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAcc-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAcc-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAcc-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAcc-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAcc-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAcc-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyro-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyro-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyro-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyro-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAccMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tGravityAccMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-mean()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-std()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-std()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-std()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()|the average value for this feature (range: -1:1)|Int

